<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="yes" ?>
<rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <channel>
    <title>Pirl Docs on Pirl Documentation</title>
    <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/</link>
    <description>Recent content in Pirl Docs on Pirl Documentation</description>
    <generator>Hugo -- gohugo.io</generator>
    <language>en-US</language>
    
	<atom:link href="https://docs.pirl.io/en/index.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml" />
    
    
    <item>
      <title>Roundtable 2019-02-23</title>
      <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2019-02-23/_index.en.md/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2019-02-23/_index.en.md/</guid>
      <description>Round Table 02.23.2019 PIRL ROUNDTABLE MEETING SUMMARY
Date: February 23, 2019
Participants:
 The People  Meeting Agenda:
 Complete transparency
 The idea of the round table meetings is direct communication with the Pirl community.
  Summary:
Regular start of meeting banter
4:45 masterdubs:
Welcomes the community to the meeting.
Ask’s the community for questions.
We have a new service in place. Phatblinkie will talk about it.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Roundtable 2019-02-16</title>
      <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2019-02-16/_index.en.md/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2019-02-16/_index.en.md/</guid>
      <description>Round Table 02.16.2019 PIRL ROUNDTABLE MEETING SUMMARY
Date: February 16, 2019
Participants:
 The People  Meeting Agenda:
 Complete transparency
 The idea of the round table meetings is direct communication with the Pirl community.
  Summary:
4:00 masterdubs:
Asks the Pirl community for questions.
PirlEx will be like CoinBase but for Pirl. It will be very simple and nice. There will be two parts to PirlEx. The first part you will put your credit card onto PirlEx and you will buy Pirl.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Roundtable 2018-12-22</title>
      <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-12-22/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-12-22/</guid>
      <description>Round Table 22.12.2018 ﻿PIRL ROUNDTABLE MEETING SUMMARY
Date: December 22, 2018
Participants:
 The People  Meeting Agenda:
 Complete transparency
 The idea of the round table meetings is direct communication with the Pirl community.
  Summary:
Regular start of meeting banter.
15:00 Fawkes:
Thanks, the Pirl community.
16:30 masterdubs:
Thanks, the community.
Asks the community for question.
17:30 Fawkes:
It was a rough year, although we did more than we had originally planned on doing.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Roundtable 2018-12-15</title>
      <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-12-15/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-12-15/</guid>
      <description>Round Table 15.12.2018 ﻿PIRL ROUNDTABLE MEETING SUMMARY
Date: December 15, 2018
Participants:
 The People  Meeting Agenda:
 Complete transparency
 The idea of the round table meetings is direct communication with the Pirl community.
  Summary:
2:30 Fawkes, masterdubs: Ask community for questions?
3:20 masterdubs: Next week is our last meeting of the year. We might have a surprise for everybody. Depends on some people.
4:00 masterdubs: The company will not be a single point failure.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Roundtable 2018-12-08</title>
      <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-12-08/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-12-08/</guid>
      <description>Round Table 08.12.2018 ﻿PIRL ROUNDTABLE MEETING SUMMARY
Date: December 8, 2018
Participants:
 The People  Meeting Agenda:
 Complete transparency
 The idea of the round table meetings is direct communication with the PIRL community.
  Summary:
2:00 masterdubs: Asks the community for questions. The typical start of meeting banter.
3:00 masterdubs, Fawkes: Responds to the community on how helping other projects/coins implement PirlGuard is great for Pirl.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Roundtable 2018-12-01</title>
      <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-12-01/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-12-01/</guid>
      <description>Round Table 01.12.2018 PIRL ROUNDTABLE MEETING SUMMARY
Date: December 1, 2018
Participants: The People
Meeting Agenda:
• Complete transparency
• The idea of the round table meetings is direct communication with the Pirl community.
Summary:
4:00 Fawkes: askes community for questions
masterdubs: Brief discussion on ICO’s being a scam and distrust in crypto. masterdubs about Pirls goal on educating the community.
Fawkes talks about crypto being all about market place, exchanges and traders.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Roundtable 2018-11-24</title>
      <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-11-24/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-11-24/</guid>
      <description>Round Table 24.11.2018 PIRL ROUNDTABLE MEETING SUMMARY
Date: November 24, 2018
Participants: The People
Meeting Agenda:
• Complete transparency • The idea of the round table meetings is direct communication with the PIRL community.
Summary:
1:00 masterdubs/Fawkes: Hi everyone. Let’s start with any questions.
2:30 Fawkes: We don’t know what happened to Duke. People are losing interest in crypto. Maybe too much R/L work. We don’t know. He might come back.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Roundtable 2018-11-17</title>
      <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-11-17/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-11-17/</guid>
      <description>Round Table 17.11.2018 After the successful fork, all exchanges will be ready. They are waiting for the call. Cryptopia is a little bit different, but it should not be a problem. We are almost ready for the fork at the moment. We need to cross the fingers and push the button. Nodes are running, and marlin has been updated.
We had little problems with our network a few days back, but everything is working right now and runs as it should.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Roundtable 2018-11-10</title>
      <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-11-10/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-11-10/</guid>
      <description>Round Table 10.11.2018 Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of RoundTable. We have a few announcements to be made this week. The first of them is today, you can read him in our announcements channel. Monday or Tuesday will be our releasing days. We will be announcing and producing our documents and news to you, our community, in these two days of the week.
Tuesday, the node will be ready for you to download and use.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Roundtable 2018-11-03</title>
      <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-11-03/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-11-03/</guid>
      <description>Round Table 03.11.2018 This roundtable was very informational. Testing, Coding We will be ready with our internal testing by the start of next week. We will also open the TestNet Pool, and you will be allowed to mine on it and test it with us. Everybody is welcome to join us and contribute. We also finish our coding, and we are pleased that everything works as we want and we are now ready to get it to TestNet and after one week of testing on TestNet we will be able to try it on the main network and move forward.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Roundtable 2018-10-27</title>
      <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-10-27/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-10-27/</guid>
      <description>Round Table 27.10.2018 Status on Cryptopia: We are waiting for them to share something with us. It should be done during the next week. We don&amp;rsquo;t control them, they are a third party for us, and we will do our best to finish this soon. Nobody will lose their coins. They are now under their audit and maintenance.
Hoard voting: We have successfully done a Hoard voting for DEX listing, and now we are waiting for Hoard to announce the winners of this round.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Roundtable 2018-10-20</title>
      <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-10-20/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-10-20/</guid>
      <description>Round Table 20.10.2018 Masterdubs said that this was a really long and nutrient week for Pirl. Pirl developer team worked hard to find an elegant solution to fix current 51% attack and prevent them from happening again in the future. More about this fix will be said when the work will be done, and all possible test will show results as expected.
Fawkes and Masterdubs gave their tank to all community for fantastic support.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Roundtable 2018-10-13</title>
      <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-10-13/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-10-13/</guid>
      <description>Round Table 13.10.2018 Hello everybody, this week was really long for PIRL, and we have a lot of things which are running on the background. The company registration is running smoothly, we are doing some paperwork and so on, completing the business plan, filling ideas on how to prevent a money laundering.
We will have a few Announcements for you soon, so stay tuned.
Exchanges. We will be trying to get listing on exchanges as our work will be advancing.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Roundtable 2018-09-29</title>
      <link>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-09-29/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 01 Jan 0001 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://docs.pirl.io/en/pirl-roundtable-meeting/2018-09-29/</guid>
      <description>TL;DR PirlTube is released today for testing! You can use PirlApp to access it once it finishes compiling! Oh wait, there it is! PirlApp and PirlTube are out https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/13CUHTDr3bB0zBeWb0ebHEJ0H8TY8evR4
 This link will expire after the beta testing. For all current releases see the official http://www.pirl.io
 2018/09/29 - PirlTube and PirlApp Fawkes says that the Pirl team is running final tests and checking everything for the new releases. He says Dubs and Is are currently working on finalizing and building PirlApp, which will be released later today!</description>
    </item>
    
  </channel>
</rss>